.\" $Header: /aolnet/dev/src/CVS/sgml/docbook-to-man/cmd/docbook-to-man.sh,v 1.1.1.1 1998/11/13 21:31:59 db3l Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "cmml-fortune" "6" 
.SH "NAME" 
cmml-fortune \(em       generates a random valid CMML instance document. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-fortune\fR [-d \fBtimespec\fR  | --duration \fBtimespec\fR ]  [-e \fBencoding\fR  | --encoding \fBencoding\fR ]  [-o \fBfilename\fR  | --output \fBfilename\fR ]  [-s \fBcommand\fR  | --short-command \fBcommand\fR ]  [-l \fBcommand\fR  | --long-command \fBcommand\fR ]  [-h  | --help ]  [-v  | --version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-fortune\fR generates a random CMML document 
using an external program to provide text for the document 
title, anchors and clip descriptions. The default behavior of 
\fBcmml-fortune\fR is to use 
\fBfortune\fR for this purpose. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBcmml-fortune\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.IP "-d \fBtimespec\fR, --duration \fBtimespec\fR" 10 
Specify the duration of the generated CMML document as 
a standard timespec, eg. "00:10", "smpte:00:01:30.3" 
 
.IP "-e \fBencoding\fR, --encoding \fBencoding\fR" 10 
Specify an alternate encoding for the generated CMML 
document. 
 
.IP "-o \fBfilename\fR, --output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write the generated CMML document to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "-s \fBshort-command\fR, --short-command \fBcommand\fR" 10 
Specify an alternate command to use to generate short 
text. This is used to generate the document title, and also to 
generate the anchor text of each clip. 
 
.IP "-l \fBlong-command\fR, --long-command \fBcommand\fR" 10 
Specify an alternate command to use to generate long 
text. This is used to generate the descriptions for each clip. 
 
.IP "-h, --help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "-v, --verbose" 10 
Display version information and exit. 
.SH "VERSION" 
.PP 
This man page is correct for CMML version 2.0 and libcmml 
version 0.8.2. 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
More information is available at 
\fIAnnodex.net (link to URL http://www.annodex.net/) \fR      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 11 Mar 2004, 13:52 
